I sanu do so too seriously aang this
guy's name is the first of zero fighting
i think it is right I haven't fought any
sub-zero's in this set great i heard
some circles man good so i don't know uh
I'm sure what to do dear oh shit we got
my three subs there he looks dope misty
come on fuckin sucks ass Jesus Christ
yeah i was already jumping before it
came out there's nothing i can do what
oh my god whatever it's so broken why
he's a green shit on it yeah that's
right bitch haha i'll take boxster
damage thank you
we got fucked up haha that was bullshit
I was trying to punish the tacony mad
slow in the leg whatever I'm Blackie I'm
holding block I did nothing but blah
what I don't know what that was I guess
it's unblockable what the fuck
I'm dead what the fuck my combo just
stop what I'll come on it's bullshit I
don't have a chance to do anything he
gets a fucking quick reversal slide oh
my god that guy's not bad and I can't
talk shit about his gameplay but the
only reason he hit me with that slides
cuz it's online I can't block that shit
online fuck that I'm sorry you know i
would love to play that guy offline
where i can actually block things but
that was fucking retarded he gets a
slide out of nowhere and fucking takes
me out okay no chance to react tower
blocks it's so fucking lag he's so
stupid